The Bears struggled on both sides of the ball Sunday night in a disappointing 30-13 loss to the Los Angeles Chargers at SoFi Stadium. The Bears trailed 14-0 after the first quarter, 24-7 at halftime and 30-7 after three periods. "The start we had today was not what we wanted," said coach Matt Eberflus. "Offensively, we went punt, punt and interception, and then we went touchdown, touchdown, field goal and touchdown on defense. "The glaring things that stood out to me and what my message was at halftime for the players was that we had a lot of penalties that set us back, our drives back on offense. The operation wasn't as clean as it needed to be. And then on defense, it was really simply about fundamentals. It was about basics. It was about cupping the ball. It was about having force pursuit apex, about our tackling and our angles. We need to do a better job of that. That's where they got their big plays and that's where they got their scoring opportunities. "I thought the guys came out in the second half and did a solid job of that, but at that point we were down." Los Angeles converted the takeaway into Cameron Dicker's 43-yard field goal, widening the margin to 17-0 midway through the second quarter. The kick came after defensive end Khalid Kareem, who was activated off injured reserve Saturday, broke up a pass over the middle. It was Herbert's first incompletion after he had connected on his first 15 passes of the game for 142 yards and two TDs. But the Chargers responded as Herbert engineered a 9-play, 75-yard drive in just 1:43 that culminated with an 11-yard TD pass to tight end Donald Parham Jr., increasing their lead to 24-7 with :04 remaining in the half. In the first half, Herbert completed 21 of 25 passes for 212 yards with three TDs and a 141.6 passer rating.
Justin Herbert completed his first 15 passes of the game, and from there, it was pretty clear that the Chargers were going to have their way with the Bears defense and that's exactly what happened. Herbert seemed to toy with Chicago's defense on a night where he threw for 294 yards and three touchdowns. The bigger news for the Chargers offense is that Austin Ekeler is starting to look like Austin Ekeler again. After averaging just 54 yards per game over the past two weeks, Ekeler went off for 123 total yards, which included 94 receiving yards. Defensively, the Chargers manhandled an overmatched Bears offense. This game was never close with the Chargers dominating from start to finish. Chargers Head Coach Brandon Staley credited the Bolts outing to their consistency at practice in the days leading up to the game. "I think it was," Staley said when asked if this was the team's most complete performance of the year to date. "It was our most complete week of practice, too. I thought that that was what we were in search of, is to feel that complete game where you're feeding off each other and your level is high the whole way."There are going to be some things that we need to improve on, for sure. It wasn't like it was this perfect performance, but I liked the level of play," Staley added. "I thought the level of play, the style of play, was much more of what we're capable of."  The Bolts moved to 3-4 win the win and are now just one game out of a Wild Card spot as the season nears the midway point. The Chargers are back on the road in Week 9 for a primetime showdown with the Jets (4-3) on Monday Night Football.